Document system dependencies for bindist (#1162)
tweag/rules_haskell: docs/haskell.rst

Before you begin
----------------

On a Unix system you will need the following tools installed.

* ``gcc``
* ``libffi``
* ``libgmp``
* ``libtinfo5``
* ``make``

> * ``python3`` (``/usr/bin/env python`` needs to be available)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``python3`` (``python`` needs to be available in ``$PATH`` as well, depending on your distro, this might require ``python2`` too)
```

> * ``python3`` (``python`` also needs to be available in ``$PATH``, depending on your distro, this might require ``python2`` too)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``python3`` (``python`` also needs to be available in ``$PATH``, depending on your distro, this might require installing  the ``python`` meta-package too (which might be Python 2 or 3, ``rules_haskell`` works with both)
```

Author: There was a double parenthesis issue, so I've addressed it in another commit https://github.com/tweag/rules_haskell/pull/1162/commits/e335753457d08aa6204cd5a1ad70d56cd31cbc5e

On Ubuntu you can obtain them by installing the following packages. ::

>   build-essential libffi-dev libgmp-dev libtinfo5 libtinfo-dev python python3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  build-essential libffi-dev libgmp-dev libtinfo5 libtinfo-dev python python3
```
